Documentation for 'created-by' labels on proxies (#6254)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/dev/example-proxy-controller.md

However, we don't actually have an Envoy instance deployed that will receive this config. In the next section, 
we'll walk through the steps to deploy an Envoy pod wired to receive config from Gloo Edge, identifying itself as 
`my-cool-proxy`.  

> ### Note on CRD metadata
> Proxies that are managed by Gloo use a label named `created-by` with values that begin with `gloo`. Do not copy these 
> labels to your proxies or they may be overwritten or deleted by Gloo processes. 

Reviewer: Maybe change to a warning:

```suggestion
{{% notice warning %}}
Proxies that are managed by Gloo Edge have a label named `created-by` with values that begin with `gloo`. Do not modify these labels or use the same labels for your own proxies. Gloo Edge might overwrite or delete the proxy labels. 
{{% /notice %}}
```

Author: Updated with a slight variation on this (we're planning to use the label to delete the actual resource not just the labels)

Reviewer: ok nice, I was wondering that! Thanks
